README.md, before:

# CIM-2017

Welcome to ProjectTemplate!

This file introduces you to ProjectTemplate, but you should eventually replace
the contents of this file with an introduction to your project. People who
work with your data in the future will thank you for it, including your future
self.

ProjectTemplate is an R package that helps you organize your statistical
analysis projects. Since you're reading this file, we'll assume that you've
already called `create.project()` to set up this project and all of its
contents.

To load your new project, you'll first need to `setwd()` into the directory
where this README file is located. Then you need to run the following two
lines of R code:

	library('ProjectTemplate')
	load.project()

After you enter the second line of code, you'll see a series of automated
messages as ProjectTemplate goes about doing its work. This work involves:
* Reading in the global configuration file contained in `config`.
* Loading any R packages you listed in he configuration file.
* Reading in any datasets stored in `data` or `cache`.
* Preprocessing your data using the files in the `munge` directory.

Once that's done, you can execute any code you'd like. For every analysis
you create, we'd recommend putting a separate file in the `src` directory.
If the files start with the two lines mentioned above:

	library('ProjectTemplate')
	load.project()

You'll have access to all of your data, already fully preprocessed, and
all of the libraries you want to use.

For more details about ProjectTemplate, see http://projecttemplate.net

Commit message:

Added documentation for src/ scripts

README.md, after:

# CIM-2017

This is the R code associated to the article: 

Rodríguez-Fernández, Víctor, Antonio Gonzalez-Pardo, and David Camacho. “Modelling Behaviour in UAV Operations Using Higher Order Double Chain Markov Models.” IEEE Computational Intelligence Magazine. In press (2017)

You can find a link to the article here:
[TBD]

## Requirements

1. Download *R 3.4.1* and *RStudio* (a version of RStudio supporting *R 3.4.1* is needed)
2. Open the file *CIM-2017.RProj* with RStudio
3. Type `install.packages("packrat")` to install package *packrat*, for managing dependencies
4. Type `packrat::restore()` to load all the project dependencies from remote repositories. This process will take several minutes.
5. Type `install.packages("./MmgraphR_0.1.tar.gz",repos = NULL, type = "source")` to install the package ``"MmgraphR"
from a local source tarball.

## Usage

The project structure has been created using the R package *ProjectTemplate*. For more details about ProjectTemplate, see http://projecttemplate.net

* The input data can be found in the `data` folder
* Every analysis script can be found in the folder `src`.
* The output data from the scripts is stored in the `output` folder

The scripts found under the `src` folder are named with numerical prefixes (01-, 02-, ...) to indicate the proper order of execution in order to reproduce the results of the paper. Below are briefly described the contents of each script:

* `1-Markovian_Comparison-InputData.R`: Load the data from the `data` folder to be used in the rest of the scripts.
* `2-Markovian_Comparison-DCMM`: train and evaluate DCMMs using the march package.
* `3-Markovian_Comparison-Rank_Aggregation`: performs a Rank Aggregation process over a grid of evaluated DCMMs.
* `4-Markovian_Comparison-CIM-All_in_one_Rank_Aggregation`: Study of the predictability/interpretability importance in the rank aggregation.

## Contact

For any questions about the use of the code please contact me by email or add a new issue in this repository.
